- 17:57
- Today ([[Jul 7th, 2023]]) is the day we start experimenting with Logseq
- **Goals** to achieve with LogSeq: #logseq #goals
	- Better time management.
		- This should be both **long term and short term**. I want to be able to manage what I've done throughout the day, what I *will* do throughout the rest of the day, and what I will do for the coming week / month / year.
		- It seems like this should actually be pretty straightforward?
		-
- **Notes about LogSeq**: #logseq
	- I'm kind of liking the default-bulleted-list "everything is a referenceable block" kind of approach.
	- Normally not having a great vim-like experience would kind of suck, but honestly it works fine because 99% of the time I'm using cmk-extend to do simple editing things, and the rest of the time the vim plugin should be good enough (for, say, navigation).
	- Time will tell whether this is going to be good enough for stuff. So far it basically feels like Obsidian daily notes, but maybe worse. I want to figure out how to make an agenda with it.
	- There's no right-click menu? -- nvm, when you're not in text entry mode.
	- I still need to figure out how to use pdfs. However, I think that this particular tool may be best suited to project scheduling, rather than knowledge management?
	- I do *not* enjoy the flashing-lights aspect of everything, and particularly that
		- things appear on hover
		- blocks get formatted when you leave them
		- mouse controls!!!
		- search and navigation is *slow* as balls, because of way too many animations. God it's horrible.
		-
- Jasper's amazing resource list, and what they're used for #organization
	- PARA is the drive where all of the stuff that I create goes.
		- Anything being actively worked on goes in P, A, or R. (Projects, Areas, Resources.) In practice, this could honestly be just P, R, and A. I don't really see the point of having an "Areas" folder.
		- Anything not being worked on goes in A(rchive). This is the one that grows linearly in time. Everything else sort of fills up slowly and then empties out as responsibilities change.
		- Anything not yet classified goes in 0_Inbox, the sorting ground where stuff awaits it.
		- Everything gets numbers.
	- Obsidian: The app that keeps me sane.
		- I've been experimenting with some better daily notes. The current space that I see for this application in my life is the "journaling" space: I write down my fully unfiltered thoughts, nothing is ever returned to (for a long time), and it gets them out of my head.
		- I could keep writing "things that I did today" in there, because I like having a single space at the end of the day to reflect on what I've done that day, and it makes me feel better about writing a lot of daily notes. I genuinely have to let go of this fear of cluttering up my daily notes. They're all about the same, and more content = more better always always. More writing and reflecting, at least.
	- And now: LogSeq, completing the big 3. Previously, all of my calendaring was basically done sort of hash-mash in Outlook. Now I can leave Outlook for what it's good for, and keep my personal project management in here. #logseq
		- It's more opinionated than Obsidian, and makes more of a wysiwyg experience. Honestly, this is fine, although there are one or two things about it that do just annoy. It'll definitely do though. And the calendar integration looks *fantastic*.
	- Other places where things are organized:
		- The messy, extensive D:/Documents folder, where ideas go to die. (no longer quite so messy.)
		- Outlook, I guess.
		- Github, although that's just for code, really.
		- DONE My old website MarkdownMaster, which I guess I should move to PARA/Archive if I want to be consistent
-
- 21:28
- Got to get used to 24 hour time, haha. Only about 2.5 hours until the daily journal ticks over.
-
- [[Daily Log]]
	- DONE 18:26-18:56 Cleaning Books #cleaning
		- Clean up stack of books
		  :LOGBOOK:
		  CLOCK: [2023-07-07 Fri 18:09:34]--[2023-07-07 Fri 18:09:35] =>  00:00:01
		  CLOCK: [2023-07-07 Fri 18:09:36]--[2023-07-07 Fri 18:09:37] =>  00:00:01
		  CLOCK: [2023-07-07 Fri 18:09:41]--[2023-07-07 Fri 18:09:42] =>  00:00:01
		  CLOCK: [2023-07-07 Fri 18:09:51]--[2023-07-07 Fri 18:10:00] =>  00:00:09
		  CLOCK: [2023-07-07 Fri 18:27:03]--[2023-07-07 Fri 18:27:04] =>  00:00:01
		  CLOCK: [2023-07-07 Fri 21:22:02]--[2023-07-07 Fri 21:22:03] =>  00:00:01
		  :END:
			- This can't be done as there are no free shelves to place books on.
			- DONE Make stack of books to return
			  :LOGBOOK:
			  CLOCK: [2023-07-07 Fri 19:13:51]--[2023-07-07 Fri 19:13:52] =>  00:00:01
			  :END:
			- DONE Go to library and return books
			  :LOGBOOK:
			  CLOCK: [2023-07-07 Fri 19:13:56]--[2023-07-07 Fri 21:21:55] =>  02:07:59
			  :END:
	- DONE 19:30-20:00 Working on Website #matlib
		- Enumerate remaining todos, and start scheduling
	- TODO 20:00 Send a thank you e-mail to Prof. Blackford and Prof. Amer #matlib
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2023-07-07 Fri 21:29:12]
	  :END:
	- TODO Record 2 minute voiceover to Matlib slides #matlib 
	  DEADLINE: <2023-07-14 Fri>
	- DONE 20:30 Figure out dinner. #food
		- Ask chatgpt for some ideas
			- Frozen pizza? (I had frozen pizza.)
			- Beans? These all sound depressing.
	- DONE 15 Minute Cleaning Challenge: #cleaning
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2023-07-07 Fri 21:25:37]--[2023-07-07 Fri 21:25:38] =>  00:00:01
	  :END:
		- 1. White Desk
		- 2. Little desk
		- 3. Coffee table
		- 4. Bedside table
		- 5. Bed
		- 6. Vacuum
-