- Going into the lab today to take pictures of some of the samples so that I can start putting the website together.
- Had an idea recently to avoid some duplicate work: #matlib
	- Instead of linking directly to the materials on the page itself, it would be preferable (particularly from the point of view of a future maintainer of the website, to avoid a lot of brokenness and incompleteness) to link to external resources rather than internal resources.
- How to handle item finding: #matlib
	- Problem statement:
		- You want to be able to reference into the items at different levels of granularity:
			- *Show me all items made with metals*
			- *Show me all items made with Aluminum 6061*
			- *Show me all items made with natural materials*
			- *Show me all items made with wood*
			- *Show me all items made by extrusion*
		- For top-level categories, like "metals", "extruded materials", or any standalone "special" tags, this is pretty simple.
			- Create a taxonomy for that particular category.
			- Each taxonomy easily leads to a page containing all the items which fit that taxonomy.
			- Top level pages expose all the contents of the taxonomy, e.g. you can select "Category" and choose from the list of animal, vegetable, mineral, etc.
	- UCL deals with this by staying at the top level of generality. #matlib #ucl-making
		- Navigation buttons at the top of the website: *Materials, Categories, State, Curiosities*
			- *Materials* are the actual items in the library. I think that "material" is a misleading name for these, since they are *objects* potentially made of multiple materials.
			- They have 8 *Categories*: Animal, Ceramic, Composite, Glass, Metal, Mineral, Polymer, and Vegetable.
			- *State* means "State of Matter": object, solid, liquid, or gas. This seems not particularly useful; almost everything classes as an "object" anyway. Top level distinctions should separate the objects into roughly equal categories. They have 3 pages of liquids and 7 total gases.
			- *Curiosities* is a strange grab-bag of various classifications that, I guess, don't fit anywhere else. Example curiosities: "Biomimetic, Edible, Damaged, Optical, Revolutionary, Smelly."
		- Then the item pages have further relationships:
			- Images: One for the header, more for the gallery.
			- A description of the item.
			- Sample ID (although the slug is human-readable, e.g. https://www.instituteofmaking.org.uk/materials-library/material/magnesium)
			- Chemical symbol (also accepts chemical formulas)
			- Compound, which is entirely unclear. I think this was originally meant for alloys? Doesn't seem to have any actual uses.
			- An optional section for *maker*, *donor*, etc
			- And then a page of *relationships*, which is (strangely!) nowhere accessible from the top level. Here is where the "Steel sphere" is identified as steel, and where you can see other pages with steel. I don't understand why this isn't exposed to the top-level website navigation. "Your Selections" doesn't seem particularly useful either.
		- Problems with the UCL implementation: #ucl-making
			- Going directly from the home page, it's unclear how to get to a page of items in the library made of steel.
			- "Materials" is a terrible choice of name for the items in the library. "Adjustible glasses" are not a material. Since the pages themselves are about the physical objects that you can go and see, they should be directly titled "objects" or "items" or somesuch.
	- ## [[Foundational Text of Matlib]] #matlib
	  id:: 64ad24f5-dad1-4303-8a5c-c5aaf676dee2
		- *Objects are made of materials, which fall under broad categories but can be further classified into specific subcategories.*
			- Steel wool is made of steel, as is an I-beam or railroad track. Steel is a subcategory of metal. There are subcategories *within* steel, depending on the alloying elements.
			- Subcategories may be shared among many items (you might have multiple things made of steel), but very few items will share *sub*-subcategories. You might have 12 things made of steel, but they could all be different alloys of steel.
				- Practically, it also gets harder and harder to determine the sub-subcategories. At this point it's often no longer enough to simply look at and take measurements of the material: to know the alloying metals, you would either need comprehensive information from the manufacturer, or else you would need, like, an x-ray gun. Which would be fun, but very unnecessary.
		- *Objects have distinguishing features which may be shared.*
			- These can be further separated into *material properties*, *manufacturing processes* and *other* (need a better name for this!).
				- Material properties can be found in textbooks about materials: Young's Modulus, refractive index, fracture toughness.
				- Manufacturing processes might be: cast, stamped, forged. These also, sadly, have categories and subcategories, and so we need to choose a level of specificity that usefully *groups and distinguishes* the things we want to group and distinguish.
				- Not-material properties are things that you wouldn't be able to know about an object *simply by knowing what that object is made of*.
					- A knife might be sharp.
					- An item might have degraded or be damaged.
					- An item might be mechanically interesting, e.g. a spring or gears.
		- *Objects have stories*. This is what goes into the page.
		- It shouldn't be necessary to split out Materials and Items. This is what UCL does