- It's Klobbering time!
- Came up with a great new idea for the website. #matlib
	- ## Big Ideas
		- The pages for "materials" and "processes" should be entry points to the **items**.
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
			- In other words, when you click on "materials", it should show you the items in the library sorted by material. It doesn't make sense to expose a completely different list of pages here.
			- Pretty much all you're going to talk about on an "item" page, particularly for an uninteresting item, is the material it's made of and why that's important!
		- Items should expose as much **relevant** information about themselves as possible.
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
			- If an item is made of aluminum 6061, it should say: Metals -> Aluminum -> Aluminum 6061.
		- If we don't know something about an item, we should say it!
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
	- ### Implementations
		- Create a "taxonomy database".
			- This would be a database containing every possible material, as well as its classification.
			- When you're entering a new item, you would select from some successive drop-down menus:
				- First, choose the material **category**: "I want a metal".
				- Second, choose the material **subcategory**: "I want aluminum".
				- Third, choose the specific **material**: "I want aluminum 6061".
					- At this point, you could insert a link to MatWeb or what have you.
				- Fourth, choose the **process** used on that material.
				- At any point in this selection, you would have the option to choose "unknown".
			- Users viewing the site would be able to see everything arranged either by **category** or by **subcategory**, as well as by **process**.
				- The link to the specific material would only be found on each page, and would give you an option to see everything else made with that specific material, but I see this being less useful. More useful would be the link to an external page where you could read off the material properties.
			- Sidebar links could look something like this:
			- Material: %Material 1%
				- See material properties on MatWeb
				- Category:
					- ```
					  -- Polymer
					   |- Thermoset	
					    |- Elastomer
					  ```
				- Process:
					- %process 1 for material 1 etc%
- Kmonad is working ok but I have to figure out why sticky-keys keeps giving me double inputs for shift.
- ## Desired features for #matlib
	- Automatic references, markdown-style.